Improve dex template handling (#5544)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/dex/README.md

For the list of static Dex users and clients, as well as the information about the connectors that delegate authentication to external identity providers, see the [dex-config-map.yaml](templates/dex-config-map.yaml) file.

Dex is exposed using the [Istio VirtualService](https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/v1alpha3/virtual-service/) feature. Access Dex at `https://dex.kyma.local`.

## Configuration

This chart allows to provide configuration for Dex connectors and clients using Helm overrides mechanism.

### Connectors

> Connectors can be configured using override named `connectors`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure connectors through the `connectors` override.
```

> The value of the override must be a single string containing Dex connectors configuration in YAML format. See [Dex connectors documentation](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/Documentation/connectors) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide the Dex connectors configuration as a single string in the `yaml` format. See [this](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/Documentation/connectors) document for more details. 
```

> Example:

Reviewer: This is an example of a valid connector configuration string:

```
  connectors: |-
    - type: saml
      id: sci
      name: SAP CI
      config:
        # Issuer for SAML Request
        entityIssuer: dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}
        ssoURL: https://{{ .Values.idp.tenant | default "someDefault" }}.{{ .Values.idp.domain | default "mytenant.mydomain.com" }}/saml2/idp/sso?sp=dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}
        ca: {{ .Values.idp.caPath}}/ca.pem
        redirectURI: https://dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}/callback
        usernameAttr: mail
        emailAttr: mail
        groupsAttr: groups
```

### Clients

> Configuration for static clients is split in two parts: `staticClientsBase` and `staticClientsExtra`

Reviewer: I'd make this section look a bit different. Focus on what the user can do. 

Configure Dex clients through the `oidc.staticClientsExtra` override. Pass the list of clients as a single string in the `yaml` format. 
>**WARNING:** The `oidc.(?)staticClientsBase` override defines the basic clients required by Kyma. Do not edit this override. 

This is an example of a valid client configuration string:

<string>

>**TIP:** you can use Go Template expressions in the override value. These expressions are resolved by Helm using the same set of overrides as configured for the entire chart.

For the list of static Dex users and clients, as well as the information about the connectors that delegate authentication to external identity providers, see the [dex-config-map.yaml](templates/dex-config-map.yaml) file.

Dex is exposed using the [Istio VirtualService](https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/v1alpha3/virtual-service/) feature. Access Dex at `https://dex.kyma.local`.

## Configuration

This chart allows you to provide configuration for Dex connectors and clients using the Helm overrides mechanism.

> > **TIP:** You can use Go Template expressions in the override value. These expressions are resolved by Helm using the same set of overrides as configured for the entire chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **TIP:** You can use Go Template expressions in the override value. These expressions are resolved by Helm using the same set of overrides as configured for the entire chart.
```

### Connectors

Configure connectors through the `connectors` override.
Provide the Dex connectors list as a single string in the `yaml` format. See [these](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/Documentation/connectors) documents for syntax details.

This is an example of a connector configuration string:
```yaml
  connectors: |-
    - type: saml
      id: sci
      name: SAP CI
      config:
        # Issuer for SAML Request
        entityIssuer: dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}
        ssoURL: https://{{ .Values.idp.tenant | default "someDefault" }}.{{ .Values.idp.domain | default "mytenant.mydomain.com" }}/saml2/idp/sso?sp=dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}
        ca: {{ .Values.idp.caPath}}/ca.pem
        redirectURI: https://dex.{{ .Values.global.domainName }}/callback
        usernameAttr: mail
        emailAttr: mail
        groupsAttr: groups
```

### Clients

Configure Dex clients through the `oidc.staticClientsExtra` override. Pass the list of clients as a single string in the `yaml` format.

> >**WARNING:** The `oidc.staticClientsBase` override defines the basic clients required by Kyma. Do not edit this override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>**WARNING:** The `oidc.staticClientsBase` override defines the basic clients required by Kyma. Do not edit this override.
```

This is an example of a client configuration string:
```yaml
  oidc.staticClientsExtra: |-
    - id: console2
      name: Console2
      redirectURIs:
      - 'http://console-dev.{{ .Values.global.ingress.domainName }}:4200'
      - 'https://console.{{ .Values.global.ingress.domainName }}'
      secret: a1b2c3d4xyz
```
### Custom volumes

> Configure additional volumes and mounts for dex (required for certificates) using the `volumeMountsExtra` and `volumesExtra` overrides. Pass the list of volumes and mounts as a single string in the `yaml` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure additional volumes and mounts required for certificates using the `volumeMountsExtra` and `volumesExtra` overrides. Pass the list of volumes and mounts as a single string in the `yaml` format.
```
